README.md, before:

## TO RUN

1.  npm i or npm install

## THEN

In Terminal

```javascript
node main.js grade
```

or

```javascript
node main.js g
```

or

first run to setup system link: `npm link`

```javascript
gradecodepens grade
```

or

```javascript
gradecodepens g
```

## NEXT

1.  Insert the class number (ex: 503)
2.  Insert the name of the project you want to find. Case sensitive.
3.  Open found projects in new tabs? (Y/N)
4.  Create spreadsheet? (Y/N)

## ./OUTPUT/

This folder will contain a subfolder with the class number appended with a timestamp, inside of this folder you will have the html and css content from each students project.

## STATS

1.  **NUMBER OF STUDENTS IN CLASS:** total number of scholars in class
2.  **NUMBER OF FOUND PROJECTS:** total number of projects from that class that match the project you searched for
3.  **NUMBER OF INCORRECTLY NAMED PROJECTS (NOT FOUND):** total number of scholars who incorrectly named their project
4.  **STUDENTS WHO DIDN'T NAME PROJECT CORRECTLY:** usernames of scholars who didn't name project correctly
5.  **NUMBER OF REJECTED REQUESTS:** total number of scholars who don't have any saved codePens
6.  **REJECTED REQUESTS:** usernames of scholars who don't have any saved codePens

Commit message:

get actual name matching usersnames once students update it, readme changes

README.md, after:

# Installing

1.  npm i or npm install

# To Run

In Terminal

```javascript
node main.js grade
```

or

```javascript
node main.js g
```

or

setup system link by running: `npm link`

```javascript
gradecodepens grade
```

or

```javascript
gradecodepens g
```

## NEXT

1.  Insert the class number (ex: 503)
2.  Insert the name of the project you want to find. Case sensitive.
3.  Open found projects in new tabs? (Y/N)
4.  Create spreadsheet? (Y/N)

## ./OUTPUT/

This folder will contain a subfolder with the class number appended with a timestamp, inside of this folder you will have folders named after a students username/name and inside this folder the html and css content from each students project.

## STATS

1.  **NUMBER OF STUDENTS IN CLASS:** total number of scholars in class
2.  **NUMBER OF FOUND PROJECTS:** total number of projects from that class that match the project you searched for
3.  **NUMBER OF INCORRECTLY NAMED PROJECTS (NOT FOUND):** total number of scholars who incorrectly named their project
4.  **STUDENTS WHO DIDN'T NAME PROJECT CORRECTLY:** usernames of scholars who didn't name project correctly
5.  **NUMBER OF REJECTED REQUESTS:** total number of scholars who don't have any saved codePens
6.  **REJECTED REQUESTS:** usernames of scholars who don't have any saved codePens
